
C-M-u		select C block, go to beginning
C-M-k		kill C block

C-M-\		format region

C-x h		select buffer

C-u C-SPC	pop mark - so back to the previous point in buffer
    		e.g after navigating with M-< etc
		

M-g n		go to next error, while in any window
M-g p		go to prev error, while in any window
M-g n n n 	these commands can be repeated to jump to other errors


n   		go to next error in compilation window
p		go to next error in compilation window

C-c o		ff-find-other-file (my mapping; switches .c/.h)

M-r 		move point to center, top, bottom - without scrolling

M-g M-g		move to line

C-d 		delete next char (super useful lol)
M-d		delete next word
M-BCK		delete prev word

C-x C-o		delete blank lines except one

M-4 2 C-f	numeric arg example: repeats C-f 42 times
M-4 C-u 2	inserts 2222 - C-u breaks the number arg
C-u 4 2 C-u 3	inserts number 3 42 times (C-u to break the num chain)

C-x z z z   	repeat the last command three times

M-v   		while in minibuffer, selet the completion window
n, p, q, z	in the completion window, move to next, prev or close/kill
      	 	the completion list

C-h S		lookup symbol in the info manuals (need to build TeXinfo for wxWidgets)
C-h l		view lossage - list of last keystrokes and commands

C-c C-q		Indent C++ function encompassing point
C-M-h		Mark current function
M-;		Add a comment at the end of the line
C-u M-;		Remove comment from the end of the line
C-c C-c		C++ mode comment region
C-M-a		Go to the beginning of a function/class
C-M-e		Go to the end of a function/class
C-c C-k		Toggle comment style block/line

M-x c-toggle-hugry state       Hungry deletion?
M-x c-electric-backspace

C-c C-BCK	Hungry deletion backwards (without minor modes)
C-c C-d		Hungry delete backwards

C-c C-w		Subword mode toggle (e.g. NSLocalizedString with M-f)
M-x subword-mode

C-c :		Insert C++ scope operator

C-c C-z		Display current function name in the minibuffer (!!!)

font-lock-maximum-decoration - minimum level is just strings and
comments! Exactly what i need!

C-M-u	  	Move to the beginning of a block
C-M-q		Indent that block

C-h C-h		Help for help
C-h a topic	Search for commands
C-h d topic	Search in documentation strings
C-h r i topic	Search in the indices of emacs manual
C-h r s topic	Search in text of the manual (what is the diff between this and documentaiton strings???)

C-h p 		Display available Emacs packages
M-x list-packages

help-window-select will decide in what window show help?
help-window-keep-selected

(how to open help for org mode??)

MARK

Yanking sets the mark at the beginning of the pasted text

Changing a region copies it to X primary clipboard

M-@		Mark at the next word
C-M-@		Mark at the end of sexp
M-h		Mark para
C-x h		Mark buffer

MARK RING

C-SPC C-SPC	Sets the mark without activating it
C-u C-SPC	Move to mark and restore from ring
C-x C-SPC	Move back to mark across buffers!

kill-ring-deindent-mode might be useful for copying code (it decreases
the indent by the amount of the first line's indent. So it makes
sense).

Stuff to try: - Ivy - Helm

Registers to switch between files and positions

C-x r SPC R		record the position of point+buf in R
C-x r j R		jump to position+buf in R

C-x r w R		save frame's windows in R including buffers! This is AMAZING.
C-x r j R		restore

Bookmarks

They persist between sessions (unlike registers).

C-x r m RET  	     set the bookmark for the visited file at point (named same as file)
C-x r b		     jump to bookmark from file

Scrolling

C-u C-l		recenter
C-M-l		reposition window so that useful text is visible (might be nice for C code)

C-x > 		scroll right, which is actually showing the left side lol

Narrowing of zen mode

Might be useful for presenting a single function in code or something

C-x n n	 	narrow to region
C-x n d		narrow to defun

C-x n w		widen to full buffer

Follow mode

Viewing a file in two panes for more context

M-x follow-mode

M-x hi-lock mode	to highlight searches, and then:
M-s h r     		to highlight a regex
M-s h u			to unhighlight a regex
M-s h .			highlight symbol under a cursor


Focus mode

A simple solution:

C-u N C-x $		hide lines indented by at least N columns
C-x $ 	  		reset hidden columns

M-x selective-display-ellipsis	     if set to nil, then do not display
    				     three dots for hidden lines
				     
Line highlight:

M-x hl-line-mode
